<h1>[S] Enter Code</h1>
<object data="../img/071.swf" aria-description="A shot of the stickey note, it says '2502', you enter the code and the big door opens. You walk inside when the door suddenly closes behind you and red lights turn on. The camera zooms in on a panel with the text 'Airlock Cycle Started... Both Doors Sealed. Indication Lights Active. Initiating Entity Scanning Process . . . Scanning . . . Entity Scan Complete. - 2 Entities Detected. Authentication accepted by from reception' appearing. The interior big door opens and the inside of the spire is actually mostly empty. The ring lights are also on the interior and there's a large metal pillar in the middle. A big cargo elevator rises to your level and you step onto it. Mike activates a panel and the lift gets sent down. You and Mike lean against the railing as you descent. The camera follows you down but when the elevator slows, the camera keeps moving. The wall fades out and it transitions to a sunny day by the ocean with some grasslands and a single, small road, with a connection spire in the distance. Text appears saying 'Several hours earlier and on another side of the planet.'. A car drives by along the road. The camera switches to a first person view of someone in the back seat of the car, looking up and out of the open window. There are faint white gridlines in the sky. The window closes." width="650px" height="450px"></object>
<p>You'll notice a massive drop in music quality, and that's because it was made out of <em style="color: yellow;">Fresh and Fruity</em> air by yours truly instead of being stolen like last time. On a semi-related note, I wonder how many people actually get the layered jokes I sometimes make...</p>
<p>Anyways, you enter the code, and some stuff happens.</p>
<p id="oops">I have no idea why the sound does that at the end of the flash, no audio should be playing at that point. There is literally zero sound effects on the timeline at the end.</p>
<a href="?p=0072"><h2>> ==></h2></a>

<div id="bottombit">
	<a href="?p=0070">Previous Page</a>
	<h5>04/04</h5>
</div>
		