<h1>[S] Zoom</h1>
<object data="../img/0165.swf" aria-description="A flash animation. The camera zooms in on the flashing light under the snow with the camera recording ui around the edges of the screen, the time reads 6:59. The camera switches to a different angle along the side of the light, a metal bar lifts up from under the snow and two halves separate, the flashing light pours out of the newly made hole in the ground. The beams push all the snow out of the way, whatever's in the newly created hole is obscured by the light. The camera zooms out back to the beach, there's a glowing aura around the light in the distance. The camera zooms in on the mountain again, the flickering gets stronger before suddenly a bright light with four main directions out the side like those images of stars suddenly bursts out of the location where the flickering was from. The light expands and rotates outside of the box the panels are contained in, and the camera follows the light as it ascends. The camera looks at the sky above the mountain, the roof tiles on the sky flash a 9 by 9 grid. The details of the light are shown, a space station surrounded by a bright pink and purple glow around it is screaming through the atmosphere, creating purple atmospheric flames around the station. The roof tile displays a green lock icon on its surface, the lock icon unlocks. The camera shows Nova holding the telescope, it zooms in on their eye as they lift the telescope up against it again. Through some bad logic you can see a zoomed in reflection of the station in flight. The camera goes through the reflection and ends up underneath the station with the roof tiles in the background. The 9 tiles unlock and slide out of the way as the station flies through the hole in the roof, there are stars on the other side. The station hovers above the hole before accelerating sideways, the background panel shifts to the side as the station flies off the page. The screen is split in two and takes up the whole width of the page, the beach view on the right and Nova looking up on the left. The camera zooms in on the beach before zooming out of the map of the city from earlier, the map is in space for some reason. The sides of the page come back in and push the map out of the way. The screen compresses, rotates, and then uncompresses as the Earth comes in to frame, it's a metal sphere with some strange white rings orbiting around it. The flash ends with the Earth slowly rotating." width="990px" height="450px" style="max-width: 9999px; margin-left: -120px;"></object>
<p>Another flash with some <em style="color: yellow;">funked-up</em> and <em style="color: yellow;">fruity</em> music provided by an inexperienced amateur with zero knowledge on making good music (<em style="font-family: Fancy;">Me!!!</em>).</p>
<p id="oops">This took so much longer than I thought it would and it's still shorter than the Hop On flash... I feel like the name I picked for this fits but it's a bit simple...</p>
<a href="?p=0166"><h2>> ==></h2></a>

<div id="bottombit">
	<a href="?p=0164">Previous Page</a>
	<h5>18/06</h5>
</div>